## Assignment #4: Simple Algorithms Challenge

### Overview

Algorithms questions are common in the tech industry as part of the technical
interview rounds. Building strong foundations by learning various methods to
think and solve them are essential for you to be able to handle these questions.

Before we get to coding solutions to these problems, we will attempt to solve
simple algorithms problems with only pure logic as part of these assignments.

In future, you will be writing code to solve these problems.


### Instructions

Think about how you will solve each of these problems and write your solutions
down as numbered steps (or instructions).

### Question 1

An anagram is a word or phrase formed by rearranging the letters of a different
word or phrase, typically using all the original letters exactly once.

For example, the world "silent" is an anagram for "listen".

Imagine that you now have to give clear step-by-step instructions to someone
to determine if a word given to you is an anagram of another word or not. This
person cannot multi-task, and can only do 1 thing per step.

For example,

**Scenario A**
```
Input 1: silent
Input 2: listen

Output: listen is an anagram of silent
```

**Scenario B**
```
Input 1: laugh
Input 2: highly

Output: highly is not an anagram of laugh
```

Hints:
- Think about special cases, eg. what happens when there is only 1 character in the word?
- Are there ways to "end" the process earlier instead of checking every character in both words?


### Question 2

You are given two sets of numbers, and your goal is to identify digits that are
exists in both set of numbers.

Imagine that you now have to give clear step-by-step instructions to someone
to determine digits that exists in both numbers. This person cannot multi-task,
and can only do 1 thing per step.

**Scenario A**
```
Input 1: 99123
Input 2: 28374

Output: 2, 3
```

**Scenario B**
```
Input 1: 12345
Input 2: 1233999

Output: 1, 2, 3
```

## Submission

To be updated.
