## Assignment #7: Simple Programming Challenges

### Overview

Python and JavaScript are popular programming languages used by many developers
around the world. In this assignment, you will use both programming languages to
solve simple programs to test your understanding of how programming languages
work.

There are two questions in this assignment. You are required to use Python for
one of the questions, and JavaScript for the other. You may decide whether to
use Python for question 1 or question 2, and use JavaScript for the other
question.

To help you debug your Python code without having to set it up onyour company,
you can use the [Online Python][online-python] to edit and run Python code.

For JavaScript, use [Programiz][programiz] instead.

### Question 1

You have two variables defined in your code, named `height` and `block` to help
you build a pyramid.

Height holds a number, which ranges from 1 to 10, which block is a string, such
as `"*"` which you will use to construct pyramids.

Your goal is to use those two variables to write a loop to print out a pyramid.

Example 1:
- `height` is 3
- `block` is `*`

Output:

```
*
**
***
**
*
```

Example 2:
- `height` is 6
- `block` is `#`

Output:

```
#
##
###
####
#####
######
#####
####
###
##
#
```

### Question 2

Note: If you have used JavaScript or Python for question 1, be sure to use the
other programming language for question 2!

You have four variables defined in your code, named `interest`, `initial`,
`months`, and `total` to help you calculate your loan.

`interest` refers to the (compounded) interest rate in percentage, `initial` is the initial
money for the loan, and `total` helps you keep track of the total amount you will
pay. `months` refers to the duration of the loan.

Your goal is to use those four variables to write a loop to print out your
compounded total interest.

Note: We will ignore decimal points for this question.


Example 1:
- `interest` is 1 (1%)
- `initial` is 2500
- `months` is 3
- `total` starts at the same amount as `initial` (2500)

Output:

```
Start: 2500
Month 1: 2525
Month 2: 2550
Month 3: 2575
```


## Submission

To be updated.


[online-python]: https://www.online-python.com/
[programiz]: https://www.programiz.com/javascript/online-compiler/